cloudera.cloud Ansible Collection
Copyright 2021 Cloudera Inc.  All Rights Reserved.


OVERVIEW
Items appearing in the following notices are provided for the notification and
guidance of the recipient in accordance with the listed license.  The listing
may include various dependencies applicable only to development, testing, and
evaluation, which may not be included in the distribution and may have been
deprecated in favor of alternatives.  Accordingly, this listing should not be
construed as an admission that the listed component appears in the distribution
nor in the manner indicated.  Similarly, fulfilling a license’s compliance
requirements for a particular form of distribution is not an admission that the
software is in fact distributed in that form.  Distributions and packaging vary
and not all third party components are relied upon in the same manner or degree.
In addition, some compliance documentation, such as embedded notices files in 
source code, may be found within the distribution itself rather than below.
“Third Party Software” and “Separately Licensed Code” as defined in the
applicable Cloudera or Hortonworks agreement, respectively, have the same
meaning for the purposes of this notice.

MOST PERMISSIVE LICENSE APPLIES TO THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE
Where the Third Party Software contains dual or multiple licensing options, the
most permissive license compatible with your Cloudera software license applies.

CONTAINERIZED OPERATING SYSTEM
The Cloudera software runs on certain operating systems, such as the Linux
operating system, which may be delivered to you with a containerized
installation of the operating system for your convenience. Cloudera software
constitutes a separate and independent work from the operating system, and the
provided container is an aggregation of the operating system and the Cloudera
software. 

NO WARRANTY; NO LIABILITY; NO INDEMNIFICATION/HOLD HARMLESS
Notwithstanding any agreement recipient may have with Cloudera: (A) CLOUDERA
PROVIDES THRID PARTY SOFTWARE TO RECIPIENT WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND; (B)
CLOUDERA DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO
THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (C)
CLOUDERA IS NOT LIABLE TO RECIPIENT, AND WILL NOT DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, NOR HOLD
RECIPIENT HARMLESS FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIRD PARTY
SOFTWARE; AND (D) WITH RESPECT TO THE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, CLOUDERA IS NOT
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES RELATED TO LOST
REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF INCOME, LOSS OF BUSINESS ADVANTAGE OR
UNAVAILABILITY, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA.

SOURCE CODE OFFER
To the extent required by the licenses associated with the Third Party Software,
Cloudera, Inc. will provide a copy of the Third Party Software’s source code
upon request and at a reasonable fee.  All requests for source code should be
made in a letter clearly identifying the components for which the source code
is requested, and mailed to “Cloudera, Inc., ATTN: Legal Dept., 5470 Great
America Pkwy, Santa Clara, CA 95054"

Further, to the extent Cloudera delivers a containerized installation of an
operating system, such operating system contains open source software
constituting Third Party Software, including software licensed under the GNU
General Public License (GPL).  Such Third Party Software may or may not be
identified separately in the notices below.  To the extent required by the GPL
or other licenses associated with the Third Party Software under which you
receive only binaries, Cloudera will provide a copy of the Third Party
Software’s source code upon request and at a reasonable fee.  All requests for
source code should be made in a letter clearly identifying the components for
which the source code is requested, typically sent within three (3) years from
the date you received the covered binary, and mailed to “Cloudera, Inc., ATTN:
Legal Dept., 5470 Great America Pkwy, Santa Clara, CA 95054”.  Your written
request should include: (i) the name and version number of the covered binary,
(ii) the version number of the Cloudera product containing the covered binary,
(iii) your name, (iv) your company or organization name (if applicable), (v) the
license under which the source code must be provided, and (vi) your return
mailing and email address (if available).

Components: 

rtfd/sphinx_rtd_theme 0.5.0 : MIT License

Licenses: 

MIT License
(rtfd/sphinx_rtd_theme 0.5.0)

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Dave Snider, Read the Docs, Inc. & contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE

